hey guy this is Jennifer this is my next
and I'm here with the toshiba thrive
tablet finally seeing it now with
honeycomb 3.1 on it I want to give you
guys a quick look at it here before we
do a full review in a few weeks so
basically this tablet is definitely
thicker and heavier than some of the
others out there right now weighs 1.6
pounds and is about I think up point six
inches thick but I wanted to quickly
show you sort of the advantage that you
get here in terms of full-size ports so
down here you've got a docking port
that's on this side you see if I can
flip this over with one hand and on this
side you've got a your adapter you've
got a headphone jack a full USB port
there a full hdmi and then a microUSB
over there pretty nice for I guess side
loading stuff from from cameras etc and
then over here you've got another
full-size SD card slot and you got over
here volume rocker and a power button
and over here you've got a lock that
actually takes this back cover off so
we'll show you that in a few minutes
here you've got a camera I believe this
is 5 megapixels and here on the front
you've got another camera I think that's
2 megapixels so actually feels really
nice and hand you know a little bit
heavier than obviously the ipad 2 or
even the new Samsung tablet but just
actually this rubber back makes it feel
really nice in hand so quickly give you
a look here at what's going on on the
software front you got honeycomb 3.1
feels really sort of smooth no real
customizations to the actual you I show
you that there but so what oh she was
really doing here is I'm preloading some
new apps they've redone the file manager
here so sort of makes it easier to get
to your files should also make it easier
to sideload things when you plug things
in through the USB you've got this new
app place market which seems to have a
hard time loading at time so let me see
if I back out of there I think it it
usually pops back up
alright that doesn't seem to be working
right now you've got their start place
which is to actually just sort of a nice
RSS reader and you can read some of the
news etc and the other one I wanted to
show here is book please which actually
lets you bring in regular books here and
it's actually sort of like original
formatting which is pretty nice and you
can zoom in and do all that sort of
fancy stuff see if this was working now
there we go so a place actually loaded I
think there's just a little bit of a
delay there so they've packaged some of
their own apps here and sort of are
making it easier to find tablet apps
which is actually really nice since the
market at this point is pretty hard to
find tablet apps so that's just a look
here at some of the software
modifications they've done here
hopefully looking to do a full review of
this tablet soon but I definitely really
affordable and that's what we're sort of
excited about it's going to cost to 24
29 sorry for 29 for the 16 gigabyte
Wi-Fi version ok so just wanted to
quickly show you how you can take off
this back cover here and not only
replace it with a new cover but also
take out the battery which is pretty
nice so there's a switch here you can
unlock it's already unlocked so we can
just pull that off and so there you go
you can just sort of pop up the battery
and you can I believe buy a new battery
for about ninety dollars actually
speaking of pricing I made an error
before on the pricing this is actually
for 29 for the eight gigabyte version